{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Items 2\
\
IMAGES_WEAPON_00\
An ephemeral simulacrum of a familiar blade, wielded only by self-actualizing entities. It may seem to be a precious object, but in truth is a part of the body itself. \
\
This sword, which emits a certain warmth, can surely be used to survive anything, if one so wishes. \
\
^This is the player\'92s main weapon which you obviously start out with. In the meta-story, the text changes based on the player. \'93Familiar blade\'94 could be \'93familiar rifle\'94 etc. \
\
These two items are dropped at the end of the sunbathed fight:\
\
SLIDES_K31-7_LOCKSTATE\
A net flag token needed to open the only detected path out of the immediate area. Guarded closely by the feeble Sunbathed. Were they compelled to preserve the sanctity of the old recreation megacomplex, or had they hopes for their own impossible escape? \
\
Fragments of a Rail-Mounted Projection Unit\
Components salvaged from a damaged projection unit that hung in silence for a period of time. Install to receive a morsel of power which coalesced from the world itself, or refuse to embrace silence once more. \
\
The transparent figures which sometimes shimmer in the depths of the old recreation complex always disappear in the absence of a projection unit. Always. \
\
\
Found in the slide passageway between SSS and Reservoir Void:\
Transference Capacitor\
This small capacitor retains a precious sum of energy, and was constructed to enable emergency transference. \
\
Long ago the world went still, and in stillness the Antecedent discovered a source of great power, dividing it among her Adjuncts.  \
\
^Can be used to return to the start of an area at any time, possibly limited uses\
\
\
Dropped by enemies/found in the Reservoir void: \
Bubbled Liquid\
A glistening nectar originating in the reservoir void. It is said to be the remnant of something pure, which once could sustain life. \
\
It has many possible applications, but none are recommended. \
\
\
Dropped by NPC Stasis Warden Tersus:\
Stasis Warden Bodycloth \
When reservoir 4U5L4\'92s seal breached, Stasis Wardens arrived to secure the void that followed. This special containment uniform was to protect them from lurid temptation. \
\
Stasis Warden Headgear \
The dismantling of mass transit exit loop 4U5L stranded the Stasis Wardens. The strange systems within this helmet are valuable beyond measure, to those who can yet operate them. \
\
^This item is the key which unlocks the maintenance tower.\
\
\
Dropped by Unidentified Seamass 2268:\
Fragments of a Catalogued Mass\
Components salvaged from a bloated thing which took solace in hunger. Install to receive a morsel of power which coalesced from the world itself, or refuse to reject circulation. \
\
When the Antecedent first saw fit to divide power, did she foresee the compositions that would result? \
\
Sealtender\'92s Warrent\
A writ of passage in the form of a net token signed and validated with the credentials of the Sealtender. \
\
When the last district was engulfed in mist, the Seniority was reluctant to leave the title of Sealtender with the tethered child Lyla. Adjunct Meis held no such qualms. \
\
^This item is the key which unlocks the door from at the top of the maintenance tower elevator into the Lobby, only drops if you fully kill the Seamass, otherwise the maintenance tower falls before you reach the Lobby. \
\
\
Some yet uncertainly named items:\
\
Found in the Voidfall Threshold:\
\
Marble Powder\
The final remains of an entity that sought only legend within the rolling depths of the reservoir ocean, and committed great sin in doing so. \
\
The child Lyla was a point of contention among the Seniority, and while her fate was debated she was confined to a small area in The Lobby. In isolation, her peculiar tendrils spread\'97and tethered her to the walls of her welcoming prison. \
\
\
\'97\
Found in the Lobby: \
\
Medical Components\
These old, melted medical components may very well be used to imbue one\'92s form with a renewed vigor, if only for a short time.\
\
It is said that Adjunct Meis once sent a contingent of surgeons to the tethered child as a show of sympathy, but even with their skilled fingers working in unison, she could not be freed. Put your ears to the firmament wall, and\'97some say\'97you can still hear her pleading. \
\
Dropped by Lyla: \
\
Fragments of a Lost Child\
Components salvaged from the body of a child that was first lost, and then forgotten. Install to receive of a modicum of power which coalesced from the world itself, or refuse to acknowledge contradiction. \
\
When Seamass 992 bobbed to the surface of the Grand Lobby pool, many believed that a child had somehow fallen into the depths. There were few who ever knew the truth. \
\
\
Found in town area after Lobby: \
\
Expedition Rifle\
A brittle, rusted rifle that was once standard issue within the expeditionary force. \
\
Shrouded in silence and solitude, the Antecedent first founded the Stasis Wardens from the remains of the old expeditionary force\'97but for exactly what reason, no one seems to remember. \
\
\
\
Found in or near the fight with Adjunct Meis:\
\
Portrait of the Adjunctcy \
A portrait in the form of net data containing the glimmering likeness of the assembled Adjuncts. Captured to commemorate the Antecedent\'92s greatest accomplishment. The way so many heads in the crowd seem to turn to the empty stillness beside Meis has long ignited whispers and rumors abound. \
\
The tethered child Lyla is said to hold the sole remaining knowledge of the lost Adjunct Symm, who was her one and only confidant, and who once cooed into her ears the most gentile comforts. \
\
Dropped by Symm (hidden Adjunct boss):\
\
Fragments of an Adjunct in Waiting\
Components salvaged from the body of an Adjunct that was given a piece of the Antecedent herself, and tasked to wait indefinitely. Install to receive a glistening slice of power which was surely collected by choice, or combine if you so wish.\
\
Symm, the final Adjunct, held deep within her the remains of many forgotten ideals. In the end, she could cry only for a lost child. \
\
\
Dropped from player character during first encounter with Antecedent: \
\
AXON 0\
A chunk of a traveler\'92s brain, which once provided guidance. \
\
Is it easier to go on, when you believe you\'92re not the only one left? \
\
IMAGE_WEAP__WEAP__WEAP__f\'ef\'bf\'bdr\
A broken sword. \
\
If all the monsters are dead, and your world is cold and silent, to whom will you speak? }